It's not too much for me to take 1,000 yuan and make 100 million yuan
Hahahaha hey
No, are you thinking of buying something?
From small to large
I have never seen such an arrogant person
Now you see
I see your whole body
Only the mouth is hard
You'll know in a few days.
Okay, okay, how about you on this earth?
If you can earn a billion with 1,000
I have your last name
Thank you.
This madman
Why are you taking pictures with reporters?
Tell me about it.
Directly one ball hurts my wife and hype it up
He also wants to learn
Don't hype it up
Ex-wife in distress
He volunteered to help copy the gift box
Copy our collection card promotion again.
And now I'm copying this.
He is too shameless
Yeah, he obviously burned down this warehouse
And with $1,000 to humiliate me
I was really blind to marry him
Don't worry, he does these now.
They all shoot their own walls
It's you
How do you make a billion dollars with 1,000 dollars?
This is way off the mark.
You don't want to go back to your old business and keep gambling, do you?
And even if it's gambling
It's impossible to make so much money.
I promised Xiaoyan
Never gamble again
It's Chinese New Year coming soon.
How can it be so fast?
Of course there are ways to make money violently